Welcome back.
One of the common patterns when working with files is to actually put them in a try except block.
So in here we can say try and actually put them like this and try out to see if the file exists so we
can say except and let's say file not found error which we've seen before and here I can say as air
and inside we'll say print file does not exist.
So that now if I run this and remember in our current directory we don't have sad dot text.
If I run this I get an error file does not exist.
We can even raise this error if we wanted to.
So we can say raise error.
So now it works as expected.
I'll get filed does not exist and then give a file not found error.
So this is a common way to work with files to handle different errors.
Another common one with files is this idea of an I O error and an IO error usually happens when the
computer or the machine you're on has some issue reading or writing or doing any sort of IO operation
so you can have something like Hyo error in here and raise that error if you want again.
If I run this file not found error if for some reason I give it a weird mode to do I get an unsupported
operation error.
The options are endless but I hope by now you have an idea of how to do file IO but let's do a fun exercise
because up until now we haven't really done anything exciting we just read a bunch of text from a file
and that was it nothing that creator.
Right.
So let's do something fun in the next video we're going to try and build a translator.
That's right.
I'll see in the next video.
Bob.